README.md, before:

# spaceDits
A space shooter. You can create a Redilot from a redditor on reddit, and a Shidpit from a post on reddit. Plans to include other social medias, maybe.

- __Redilot__ is a pilot created from a reddior on reddit.
- __Shidpit__ is a ship created from a submission post.

A redilot is the pilot of the shidpit. They have certain skills based on the constellation of the accounts creation date.

- __Aries-__ Extra Health, can use Ram Dash, associated with Fire.
- __Taurus-__ Extra Health, can use Stronger Hull, associated with Earth.
- __Gemini-__ Extra Shield, can use Twin for a min, associated with Air.
- __Cancer-__ Extra Shield, can use Tidal wave blast, associated with Water.
- __Leo-__ Extra Health, can use Sonic boom stun, associated with Fire.
- __Virgo-__ Extra Health, can use Life after Death, associated with Earth.
- __Libra-__ Extra Shield, can use Shield Balance, associated with Air.
- __Scorpio-__ Extra Shield, can use Medium Arrow angled, associated with Water.
- __Sagittarius-__ Extra Health, can use Giant Arrow, associated with Fire.
- __Capricorn-__ Extra Health, can use Drop Bombs, associated with Earth.
- __Aquarius-__ Extra Shield, can use Extra Shields, associated with Air.
- __Pisces-__ Extra Shield, can use Jet stream, associated with Water.


A shidpit can hold up to 3 blasters, 2 missle pods and a bomb bay.
The blasters can be a mix or match of lasbat lasers or chain guns.

- __Lasbat Blaster.__ Attached on the nose, can have up to 3 blasters attached at once.
- __Missle Pod.__ Attached on the wings, can be loaded with explosive missles or Mila-mirror barrels.
- __Bomb Bay.__ Attached on the body, can be armed with charged orb or EMP-pulser.
- __Afterburners.__ Attached to the engine, is equipped with the redilots birth stone with constellation imprint.

Commit message:

if the text buttons are default text, it will generate a random redilot or shidpit not from reddit, but if the text button has a redditor name or post ID, it will generate a redilot or a shidpit from reddit.

README.md, after:

# spaceDits
A space shooter. You can create a Redilot from a redditor on reddit, and a Shidpit from a post on reddit. Plans to include other social medias, maybe.

- __Redilot__ is a pilot created from a redditor on reddit.
- __Shidpit__ is a ship created from a submission post.

A redilot is the pilot of the shidpit. They have certain skills based on their birth stone and constellation of the accounts' creation date.

- __Aries-__ Extra Health, can use Ram Dash, associated with Fire.
- __Taurus-__ Extra Health, can use Stronger Hull, associated with Earth.
- __Gemini-__ Extra Shield, can use Twin for a min, associated with Air.
- __Cancer-__ Extra Shield, can use Tidal wave blast, associated with Water.
- __Leo-__ Extra Health, can use Sonic boom stun, associated with Fire.
- __Virgo-__ Extra Health, can use Life after Death, associated with Earth.
- __Libra-__ Extra Shield, can use Shield Balance, associated with Air.
- __Scorpio-__ Extra Shield, can use Medium Arrow angled, associated with Water.
- __Sagittarius-__ Extra Health, can use Giant Arrow, associated with Fire.
- __Capricorn-__ Extra Health, can use Drop Bombs, associated with Earth.
- __Aquarius-__ Extra Shield, can use Extra Shields, associated with Air.
- __Pisces-__ Extra Shield, can use Jet stream, associated with Water.


A shidpit can hold up to 3 blasters, 2 missle pods and a bomb bay.

- __Lasbat Blaster.__ Attached on the nose, can have up to 3 blasters attached at once.
- __Missle Pod.__ Attached on the wings, can be loaded with explosive missles or Mila-mirror barrels.
- __Bomb Bay.__ Attached on the body, can be armed with charged orb or EMP-pulsar.
- __Afterburners.__ Attached to the engine, is equipped with the redilots birth stone with constellation imprint.
